Mom wants to give up Lao Tie Hum even if she has a cold.
It will be worse than Dr. Zhao in the future
Don't let it in the door
I can try.
What art can you know as a young man?
How is this a vegetable market?
If your Mr. Mu's illness continues
This is going to be a problem.
Don't worry.
I have prepared silicon tonic soup for Mr. Mu
Silicon replenishment soup, I think it is turtle tin soup
Dr. Zhang is the first doctor of the quarter
What right do you have to cure him?
I have seen Mr. Mu's photo.
qi and blood blockage
arrhythmia
Blockage spread to the right ventricle of the abdomen
Stop talking nonsense here
Dr. Zhang said
Drink his soup and medicine, it will definitely heal
This is not good.
Wood vomited blood after drinking the decoction
Almost dead